OSDOCS-11367:adds limited to live migration in RNs (#79013)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/converting-to-dual-stack.adoc#nw-dual-stack-convert_converting-to-dual-stack[Converting to a dual-stack cluster network] in _Converting to IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking_.

[id="ocp-4-16-networking-sdn-ovnk-live-migration_{context}"]
==== Limited live migration to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin

> Previously, when migrating from OpenShift SDN to OVN-Kubernetes, the only available option was an _offline_ migration method. This process included some downtime, during which clusters were unreachable.

Reviewer: Should we include a link to `an _offline_ migration method`?

Author: I _think_ because this offline is just one or two modules above the link to the live and this is specifically calling out the live we are ok @weliang1

> This release introduces a limited _live_ migration method. The limited live migration method is the process in which the OpenShift SDN network plugin and its network configurations, connections, and associated resources are migrated to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin without service interruption. It is available for {product-title}. It is not available for HyperShift deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release introduces a limited _live_ migration method. The limited live migration method is the process in which the OpenShift SDN network plugin and its network configurations, connections, and associated resources are migrated to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin without service interruption. It is available for {product-title}. It is not available for hosted control plane deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:
```
In the official docs, we use `hosted control planes` instead of `HyperShift`, with the exception of references to the HyperShift Operator.

> This release introduces a limited _live_ migration method. The limited live migration method is the process in which the OpenShift SDN network plugin and its network configurations, connections, and associated resources are migrated to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin without service interruption. It is available for {product-title}, {product-dedicated}, {product-rosa}, and {azure-first} Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift deployment types. It is not available for HyperShift deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:

Reviewer 3: we need to separate out the limited live migration on OCP from the live migration support on ROSA. and we need to also remove ARO and OSD from the list. that support will be added in a later 4.16.z

Migration to OVN-Kubernetes is intended to be a one-way process.

> For more information, see xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/migrate-from-openshift-sdn.adoc#nw-ovn-kubernetes-live-migration-about_migrate-from-openshift-sdn[Limited live migration to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin overview].

Reviewer 3: The cross-reference link also has the same verbiage issue.
